README.md, before:

## Learn the tech

### Why HTML Imports?

This repository contains a Javascript polyfill for the [HTML Imports](https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webcomponents/raw-file/tip/spec/imports/index.html) specification.

HTML Imports are a way to include and reuse HTML documents in other HTML documents. As `<script>` tags let authors include external Javascript in their pages, imports let authors load full HTML resources.  In particular, imports let authors include [Custom Element](https://github.com/Polymer/CustomElements) definitions from external URLs.

### Basic usage

For HTML imports use the `import` relation on a standard `<link>` tag, for example:

    <link rel="import" href="import-file.html">

## Polyfill details

### Getting Started

Include the `html-imports.js` or `html-imports.min.js` (minified) file in your project.

    <script src="HTMLImports/html-imports.js"></script>

`html-imports.js` is the debug loader and uses `document.write` to load additional modules. 
Use the minified version (`html-imports.min.js`) if you need to load the file dynamically.

### Polyfill Notes

In imported documents, `href` and `src` attributes in HTML, and `url` properties in CSS files, are relative to the location of the imported document, not the main document.

The HTML Imports polyfill begins processing link tags when the `DOMContentLoaded` event fires. To know when loading is complete, listen for the `HTMLImportsLoaded` event on `document` or `window`.

Example:

    <script>
    window.addEventListener('HTMLImportsLoaded', function() {
      // all imports loaded
    });
    </script>

The polyfill loads linked stylesheets, external scripts, and nested linked imports, but does not parse any data in the loaded resources. For parsing imports, combine HTML Imports with  [Custom Elements](https://github.com/Polymer/CustomElements). As long as the HTML Imports is loaded first, the Custom Elements polyfill will detect it, and process all imports when `HTMLImportsLoaded` event fires.

## Tools & Testing

For running tests or building minified files, consult the [tooling information](http://polymer-project.org/tooling-strategy.html).

Commit message:

README: Note document._currentScript. Fixes https://github.com/Polymer/docs/issues/200

README.md, after:

## Learn the tech

### Why HTML Imports?

This repository contains a Javascript polyfill for the [HTML Imports](https://dvcs.w3.org/hg/webcomponents/raw-file/tip/spec/imports/index.html) specification.

HTML Imports are a way to include and reuse HTML documents in other HTML documents. As `<script>` tags let authors include external Javascript in their pages, imports let authors load full HTML resources.  In particular, imports let authors include [Custom Element](https://github.com/Polymer/CustomElements) definitions from external URLs.

### Basic usage

For HTML imports use the `import` relation on a standard `<link>` tag, for example:

    <link rel="import" href="import-file.html">

## Polyfill details

### Getting Started

Include the `html-imports.js` or `html-imports.min.js` (minified) file in your project.

    <script src="HTMLImports/html-imports.js"></script>

`html-imports.js` is the debug loader and uses `document.write` to load additional modules. 
Use the minified version (`html-imports.min.js`) if you need to load the file dynamically.

### Polyfill Notes

In imported documents, `href` and `src` attributes in HTML, and `url` properties in CSS files, are relative to the location of the imported document, not the main document.

The HTML Imports polyfill begins processing link tags when the `DOMContentLoaded` event fires. To know when loading is complete, listen for the `HTMLImportsLoaded` event on `document` or `window`.

Example:

    <script>
    window.addEventListener('HTMLImportsLoaded', function() {
      // all imports loaded
    });
    </script>

The polyfill loads linked stylesheets, external scripts, and nested HTML imports, but does not parse any data in the loaded resources. For parsing imports, combine HTML Imports with  [Custom Elements](https://github.com/Polymer/CustomElements). As long as the HTML Imports is loaded first, the Custom Elements polyfill will detect it, and process all imports when `HTMLImportsLoaded` event fires.

#### Other notes

- In a native HTML Imports, `document.currentScript.ownerDocument` references the import document itself. In the polyfill use `document._currentScript.ownerDocument` (note the underscore).

## Tools & Testing

For running tests or building minified files, consult the [tooling information](http://polymer-project.org/tooling-strategy.html).
